feat(React Native) Add react native V7 migration (#13025)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/migration/v6-to-v7.mdx

---
title: Migrate from 6.x to 7.x
sidebar_order: 99
draft: true

description: "Learn how to migrate from version 6 to version 7 of the Sentry React Native SDK"
---

> The main goal of version 6 of the Sentry React Native SDK, is to bring compatibility with Sentry JavaScript version 9. This version is introducing breaking changes because of the JavaScript SDK dependency upgrade to version 9 and because we've removed deprecated APIs and restructured npm package contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main goal of version 7 of the Sentry React Native SDK, is to bring compatibility with Sentry JavaScript version 9. This version is introducing breaking changes because of the JavaScript SDK dependency upgrade to version 9 and because we've removed deprecated APIs and restructured npm package contents.
```

---
title: Migrate from 6.x to 7.x
sidebar_order: 99
description: "Learn how to migrate from version 6 to version 7 of the Sentry React Native SDK"
---

<Alert level="warning" title="Important">
Version 7 is still under development, the documentation may change before the final release.
</Alert>

The main goal of version 7 of the Sentry React Native SDK, is to bring compatibility with Sentry JavaScript version 9. This version is introducing breaking changes because of the JavaScript SDK dependency upgrade to version 9 and because we've removed deprecated APIs and restructured npm package contents.

## Important Changes In Dependencies

> The Sentry React Native SDK ships with the Sentry JavaScript SDK as a dependency. The Sentry JavaScript SDK has been updated to version 9. This version includes a number of behavioral changes that will not be caught by type checkers, linters, or tests, so we recommend carefully reading through the entire migration guide instead of relying on automatic tooling. Please follow [the JavaScript migration guides](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/migration/v8-to-v9/) to complete the upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sentry React Native SDK ships with the Sentry JavaScript SDK Version 9 as a dependency. This version includes a number of behavioral changes that will not be caught by type checkers, linters, or tests, so we recommend carefully reading through the entire migration guide instead of relying on automatic tooling. Please follow [the JavaScript migration guides](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/migration/v8-to-v9/) to complete the upgrade.
```

### Major Changes in Sentry JS SDK v9

Other general JavaScript SDK version 9 changes are described in the [JavaScript SDK 8.x to 9.x migration guide](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/migration/v8-to-v9/).

### Self-Hosted Sentry Compatibility

Beginning with version 7.0.0, the Sentry Capacitor SDK will only support self-hosted Sentry instances version 25.2.0 and above. This change does not affect users of `sentry.io`.

## Important React Native SDK `7.x` Changes

This section describes API changes in the Sentry React7 Native SDK, version 7.

### `captureUserFeedback` is now removed

You can use the updated snippet in order to capture user Feedbacks:

```javascript diff
+ import { captureFeedback } from '@sentry/react-native';
- import { captureUserFeedback } from '@sentry/react-native';

+ captureUserFeedback({
- captureFeedback({
    name: 'my name',
    email: 'myemail@sentry.io',
    message: 'it broke',
    associatedEventId: 'eventID',
  });
```

> Additionally you can also see our new Feedback integration by checking the following [link](../../user-feedback/configuration/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally you can also see our new Feedback integration by checking the [User Feedback Configuration guide](../../user-feedback/configuration/)
```

### `autoSessionTracking` united with `enableAutoSessionTracking`

Option key `autoSessionTracking` was removed. Use `enableAutoSessionTracking` instead, enabled by default.

```javascript diff
Sentry.init({
+  enableAutoSessionTracking: true,
-  autoSessionTracking: true,
});
```

### `browserReplayIntegration` can be used directly without `isWeb` check

> The check is done inside of the integration, which makes it easier to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The check is now done inside of the integration, which makes it easier to use.
```

```javascript diff
Sentry.init({
+  integrations: [ Sentry.browserReplayIntegration() ],
-  integrations: (defaultIntegrations) => {
-    if (Platform.OS === 'web') {
-      defaultIntegrations.push(Sentry.browserReplayIntegration());
-    }
-    return defaultIntegrations;
-  },
});
```

### `Cold/Warm App Start` spans were renamed to `Cold/Warm Start`

> The `App` word was removed from the span description. If you have any logic in your application or in Sentry based on this span description, please, check if it still works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `App` word was removed from the span description. If you have any logic in your application or in Sentry based on this span description, please, make sure to update.
```
